docs(ai-agents): add dedicated semantic search page for agent connectors (#82098)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/concepts/context-store.md

If you build agents with the SDK or API, you can call `context_store_search` directly and pass structured filters. For details on the query model, see the individual [connector reference pages](../connectors), which document the available entities, filter fields, and search parameters for each connector.

> ## Semantic search

Author: ```suggestion
### Semantic search
```

Structured search matches records by exact or fuzzy field values. Some connectors also support **semantic search**: a similarity search that finds relevant passages by meaning rather than by keyword. Instead of matching a filter, Airbyte embeds your natural-language prompt and returns the most similar passages of text, ranked by relevance. It suits long, unstructured text such as call transcripts, issue descriptions, or the contents of a document, where you don't know the exact wording of a match in advance.

Agents choose semantic search automatically when a prompt calls for meaning-based retrieval over a supported field, so you don't need to specify the search mode in your prompts. If you build agents with the CLI, API, or SDK, you can also request it directly.

> For how semantic search works, which connectors and fields support it, and complete CLI, API, and SDK examples, see [Semantic search](./semantic-search).

Author: ```suggestion
To learn how semantic search works, which connectors and fields support it, and to see  complete CLI, API, and SDK examples, see [Semantic search](./semantic-search).
```
